testing Ai generate subs, please disable if uncomfortable. warning is removed at 0:15
Hi.
I'm really
just gonna do this for two minutes
and go to sleep.
I'm completely bare-faced.
Right before sleeping
I turned it on.
Do I look too ugly?
You know
I sent a voice message and
everyone
liked it so much.
But if that's the case I thought doing a live
would be better
no?
Honestly I planned to turn on a live yesterday or today but
my pickup time for tomorrow is earlier than I thought Like really early.
So
I just washed my makeup off.
And
yesterday
I had an early schedule in the morning so
I couldn't do it yesterday either and
yesterday was
also
one of those days so
I was worried I might make a slip of the tongue like last time or
make a mistake so I couldn't
Yeah.
You're saying I was on the news.
Ah I saw it.
You promised to keep it a secret
Liars
Still
it's a relief there weren't any scary stories.
I was really
worried but
what a relief
Our
Flovers.
Tomorrow is Fire Friday so
what are you doing?
You're saying I look really tired right now.
Ah I am tired Because
I think I slept for two hours today?
I slept for two hours and
woke up and
did a shoot and
had a fitting and
after that
I
practiced
and
got off work.
So I am sleepy but um
I can't fall asleep
You know what I mean? Being tired but not being able to sleep
So I'm okay.
And
by the way I got another one of those.
I'm really gonna go crazy Seriously.
Flover
right now
Ah
Right now
Flovers where is it you ask it's over here by my wisdom tooth
You know how the wisdom tooth grows like this The wisdom tooth
didn't fully grow out The gum is like this
This is the tongue and
if the gum is like this
It grew over here Over where this wisdom tooth grows
here
it grew and
and
here
I got one under my tongue on the frenulum and
and on the labial frenulum here here
on my philtrum
here
it grew so it hurts so much when I wash my face
Really
Please
right now
One every five days like every five days
I think a new one appears.
But
now
I'm used to it
a little bit.
But my
bare face
you're used to it now right.
Really
it's very
the lighting
makes it look like I have a glow.
Like I have rosy cheeks.
Right?
My bare face is a bit more
okay
isn't it.
I don't mean it's better I just mean it's not bad right.
Ah I was gonna do two minutes but it's already been six minutes I really have no sense of time I guess.
Seriously Jiwon.
Later on through a live
like
is there anything you want to play around with?
You're saying you wish I'd do karaoke.
Flovers really love karaoke.
Me dancing
you want to see that.
Ah but I really don't know recent dances well I know the older ones though but
lately
covering my butt
like Let's and stuff like that.
Boom boom
boom boom
Is that not the lyrics?
Also
I don't really know these days.
Since we haven't made a comeback
for a while
unless I'm actively promoting now
I don't really
just search for songs I want to listen to and I don't really
look up the Top 100
to listen to them so
that's why
I just
really don't
know them anymore I think.
Ah I probably know them If I hear them on the streets
I'd probably recognize them since they play a lot but
when I actually
try to do it I don't know it well.
Miniskirt views
are going up like a legend?
Is it still going up.
That was already half a year ago Time is crazy.
Time is seriously crazy.
Ah Ah time really flies.
You're asking for a group live.
We haven't done a group live in a while right?
It was last year.
I'll try talking to the unnies about it.
Also tomorrow
we
are going overseas so
I should ask them.
Anyway anyway
I'm gonna go to sleep now.
Bye.
Today
only Flovers get to see this face
because it's too
much of a face that only Flovers would find pretty.
Anyway
sleep well.